[ODIS Creator Help](odis-creator-help.md) > [5. ODIS Creator Administration Process](5-odis-creator-administration-process.md) > [5.2. Managing Master Data](5-2-managing-master-data.md)

<table summary="Navigation header" width="100%"><tr><th align="center" colspan="3">5.2.1. Group Data</th></tr><tr><td align="left" width="20%"><a accesskey="p" href="5-2-managing-master-data.md">Prev</a> </td><th align="center" width="60%">5.2. Managing Master Data</th><td align="right" width="20%"> <a accesskey="n" href="5-2-2-importing-url-addresses.md">Next</a></td></tr></table>

---

#### <a id="administration.konzerndaten"></a>5.2.1. Group Data

The **group data** entry in the master data navigator ([2](5-2-managing-master-data.md#figure.stammdatennavigator "Figure 47. Master Data Navigator")) is managed by the group administrator.

<a id="d4e1576"></a>

<table border="1" summary="Group Data"><colgroup><col align="left"/><col align="left"/></colgroup><thead><tr bgcolor="#EEEEEE"><th align="left"><span class="bold"><strong>Data</strong></span></th><th align="left"><span class="bold"><strong>Description</strong></span></th></tr></thead><tbody valign="top"><tr><td align="left" valign="top">Languages<a class="indexterm" name="d4e1590"></a></td><td align="left" valign="top">In the languages editor, the target languages in the Volkswagen Group are created for the editing (see <a class="xref" href="7-odis-creator-editing-process.md" title="7. ODIS Creator Editing Process">Section 7, “ODIS Creator Editing Process”</a>) and order management (see <a class="xref" href="6-odis-creator-order-management-process.md" title="6. ODIS Creator Order Management Process">Section 6, “ODIS Creator Order Management Process”</a>) processes. In addition to the various language codes, you can specify if it deals with an <a class="link" href="11-appendix.md#redaktionssprache" title="Editing language">editing language</a>. Please note that for the ODIS Creator system to function correctly, the various language codes (DES code, PUB code, ISO code, LIVAS code) for communication must be configured correctly to other systems.</td></tr><tr><td align="left" valign="top">Markets<a class="indexterm" name="d4e1599"></a></td><td align="left" valign="top">Target markets, in which the Volkswagen Group is active, are created in the Markets editor. The predominant languages are assigned to the markets. A target market represents a market in which vehicles are sold. The language allocations for this represent the languages spoken in the market. By assigning a market to an object in the equipment network, the necessary translations are assigned for all objects connected to this object.</td></tr><tr><td align="left" valign="top">Brands<a class="indexterm" name="d4e1605"></a></td><td align="left" valign="top">In the Brands Editor, the individual brands with headquarters and worldwide locations within the Volkswagen Group are created.</td></tr><tr><td align="left" valign="top">Roles<a class="indexterm" name="d4e1611"></a></td><td align="left" valign="top">User roles are created in the Roles editor. The label and description is can be freely edited, while the corresponding meta role is to be selected from the specified list.</td></tr><tr><td align="left" valign="top">Editing locations<a class="indexterm" name="d4e1617"></a></td><td align="left" valign="top">Editing locations are created in the editing locations editor, the corresponding default markets are assigned, the editing tasks for the brand are defined and the respective teams are assigned. An editing locations represents a location at which the editorial contents of the selected brands are produced.</td></tr><tr><td align="left" valign="top">URL addresses<a class="indexterm" name="d4e1623"></a></td><td align="left" valign="top">Internet addresses, that reference documents online are managed in the URL address editor and editorial objects can be assigned.</td></tr><tr><td align="left" valign="top">Test language<a class="indexterm" name="d4e1629"></a></td><td align="left" valign="top">The test language modules are imported in the test language editor. The import will be canceled if the integrity of a test language module cannot be ensured. An error message will inform the user of this. The description, version number, creation date, creation time and the date and time of the import are given in addition to the module ID.</td></tr><tr><td align="left" valign="top">ViWi services<a class="indexterm" name="d4e1635"></a></td><td align="left" valign="top">In the ViWi services Editor, ViWi services are listed and new services can be defined. It is only possible to define new services. Services cannot be deleted. When creating a new service, the name of the service must be defined and he JSON schema must be selected in the form of a JSON file. The schema files must have a name that is different from the files that have already been selected. The defined services can be “locked” or “approved” in the context menu. Only services that are “IN_PROGRESS” can be modified later. When saving the ViWi editor, the entries in the table will be validated (unique name, schema check of the ViWi file). If there is an error, it will not be possible to save.</td></tr><tr><td align="left" valign="top">JSON templates<a class="indexterm" name="d4e1641"></a></td><td align="left" valign="top">In the JSON templates editor, JSON templates are listed and new templates can be defined. It is only possible to define new templates. Templates cannot be deleted. When creating a new template, the name of the template must be defined and the JSON schema must be selected in the form of a JSON file. All entries in the list must have a unique name. The defined templates can be “locked” or “approved” in the context menu. Only templates that are “IN_PROGRESS” can be modified later. When saving the JSON template editor, the entries in the table will be validated (unique name, schema check of the JSON file). If there is an error, it will not be possible to save.</td></tr><tr><td align="left" valign="top">Remote repair target systems<a class="indexterm" name="d4e1647"></a></td><td align="left" valign="top">The target systems for Remote Repair can be specified in the Remote Repair target systems editor. They consist of a system name and display name for each. The system name must be unique in the system. The user will be informed if they try to give a duplicate name. In that case, it will not be possible to save. Target systems can be set to inactive using the checkbox so that they can no longer be selected. Target systems that are not used can be deleted. However, once they are used in a functional test, that will no longer be possible. If a target system is selected, the lower table called “Used by” will show in which function test the target system is used. The system name is retained when the data is exported later and cannot be changed if the table is edited again.</td></tr><tr><td align="left" valign="top">Remote repair requirements<a class="indexterm" name="d4e1653"></a></td><td align="left" valign="top">The requirements for Remote Repair can be specified in the Remote Repair requirements editor. If a new requirement is added, a positive whole number must be entered. Then the text for the requirement will be inserted using the text library. If the "Default” checkbox is activated, the value will automatically be set as a requirement in the function test in the Remote Repair area. Once the entries have been saved in the table, they can no longer be deleted. For existing entries, only the text of the requirement can be modified, but not the number.</td></tr><tr><td align="left" valign="top">Remote repair access parameter schema version<a class="indexterm" name="d4e1659"></a></td><td align="left" valign="top">The schema version for the Remote Repair access parameters can be specified in the Remote Repair schema version editor. The schema version to be used is entered as free text in the “Schema version” text field. The version information is included when the Remote Repair portion is exported. This is no longer relevant in the system and there is no schema check or validation when the editor is saved. The additional fields "Changed on" and "Changed by" are added by the system when saving.</td></tr></tbody></table>

**Table 16. Group Data**

---

<table summary="Navigation footer" width="100%"><tr><td align="left" width="40%"><a accesskey="p" href="5-2-managing-master-data.md">Prev</a> </td><td align="center" width="20%"><a accesskey="u" href="5-2-managing-master-data.md">Up</a></td><td align="right" width="40%"> <a accesskey="n" href="5-2-2-importing-url-addresses.md">Next</a></td></tr><tr><td align="left" valign="top" width="40%">5.2. Managing Master Data </td><td align="center" width="20%"><a accesskey="h" href="odis-creator-help.md">Home</a></td><td align="right" valign="top" width="40%"> 5.2.2. Importing URL Addresses</td></tr></table>
