[ODIS Creator Help](odis-creator-help.md) > [5. ODIS Creator Administration Process](5-odis-creator-administration-process.md) > [5.2. Managing Master Data](5-2-managing-master-data.md)

<table summary="Navigation header" width="100%"><tr><th align="center" colspan="3">5.2.6. Location Data</th></tr><tr><td align="left" width="20%"><a accesskey="p" href="5-2-5-import.md">Prev</a> </td><th align="center" width="60%">5.2. Managing Master Data</th><td align="right" width="20%"> <a accesskey="n" href="5-2-7-job-configurations.md">Next</a></td></tr></table>

---

#### <a id="administration.standortdaten"></a>5.2.6. Location Data

The **location data** entry in the master data navigator ([2](5-2-managing-master-data.md#figure.stammdatennavigator "Figure 47. Master Data Navigator")) is managed by the location administrator.

<a id="table.administration.standortdaten"></a>

<table border="1" summary="Location Data"><colgroup><col align="left"/><col align="left"/></colgroup><thead><tr bgcolor="#EEEEEE"><th align="left"><span class="bold"><strong>Data</strong></span></th><th align="left"><span class="bold"><strong>Description</strong></span></th></tr></thead><tbody valign="top"><tr><td align="left" valign="top">Teams<a class="indexterm" name="d4e1840"></a></td><td align="left" valign="top">
<p>In this editor the teams are created for the specific locations and a corresponding role is assigned. The name of the team and the description can be freely selected for this. The system name is automatically generated and is stored as a unique ID permanently in the system after it is saved for the first time. When creating a new team, a roll is selected through a <a class="link" href="2-2-general-definitions-and-glossaries.md#auswahlfeld">selection list</a> from the <a class="link" href="5-2-1-group-data.md" title="5.2.1. Group Data">group data</a>. The roll cannot be changed for an existing team.</p>
<p>Furthermore, the administrator teams can activate and deactivate, as well as assign teams from a user list or delete relations. Multiple selections are possible in the selection menu by pressing the Ctrl or Shift key. Saved teams cannot be deleted by the administration, but rather can only be deactivated.</p>
</td></tr><tr><td align="left" valign="top">User<a class="indexterm" name="d4e1850"></a></td><td align="left" valign="top">
<p>In this editor, the users are created for the individual locations. The Administrator can deactivate users. The Administrator can also delete deactivated users. The name of the deleted user will remain in the system and the user can be restored if it is created again using the same name (case sensitive).</p>
<p>Deleted users are no longer shown in ODIS Creator, for example in the object properties.</p>
<p>The administrator can also activate or deactivate the “Service” checkbox for each user. If the maintenance switch in vaudes_server.properties is activated, only users for whom the "Service” checkbox is activated can log into the OC.</p>
</td></tr><tr><td align="left" valign="top">Bridge languages<a class="indexterm" name="d4e1859"></a></td><td align="left" valign="top">Bridge languages aid in the cost-efficient translation into target languages. If a source document is in a language with high translation costs, the translation will first be done in a cost-effective language, such as English. In turn, this translation serves as the source language to be translated into the corresponding target language. Bridge languages are created separately for the individual locations using the selection lists. One bridge language can be selected per target language.</td></tr><tr><td align="left" valign="top">Clone languages<a class="indexterm" name="d4e1865"></a></td><td align="left" valign="top">Clone languages aid in the cost-efficient translation into target languages. If translations are identical for multiple target languages, then only one translation is needed. This target language is called a clone language. The rest of the languages are automatically populated with the content of the clone language. These target languages that are automatically populated are called cloned languages. Clone languages are managed separately for the individual locations.</td></tr><tr><td align="left" valign="top">Sessions<a class="indexterm" name="d4e1871"></a></td><td align="left" valign="top">The Sessions editor is for the management of active user sessions. The administrator can issue the current active sessions per location, end active sessions, lock and unlock users, as well as send short text messages to an active user.</td></tr><tr><td align="left" valign="top">User lock<a class="indexterm" name="d4e1877"></a></td><td align="left" valign="top">The administrator can unlock locked objects in this editor. As soon as an object is edited, the system locks this object and prevents any concurrent access by another user. System failures or other situations may cause this lock to not reset after completing the edit. When unlocked, the object can return to the editing state.</td></tr><tr><td align="left" valign="top">Organizational unit<a class="indexterm" name="d4e1883"></a></td><td align="left" valign="top">In this editor, the group administrator can record and manage the names of organization units. These organizational units can be assigned to the users in the system.</td></tr></tbody></table>

**Table 17. Location Data**

---

<table summary="Navigation footer" width="100%"><tr><td align="left" width="40%"><a accesskey="p" href="5-2-5-import.md">Prev</a> </td><td align="center" width="20%"><a accesskey="u" href="5-2-managing-master-data.md">Up</a></td><td align="right" width="40%"> <a accesskey="n" href="5-2-7-job-configurations.md">Next</a></td></tr><tr><td align="left" valign="top" width="40%">5.2.5. Import </td><td align="center" width="20%"><a accesskey="h" href="odis-creator-help.md">Home</a></td><td align="right" valign="top" width="40%"> 5.2.7. Job Configurations</td></tr></table>
