[ODIS Creator Help](odis-creator-help.md) > [7. ODIS Creator Editing Process](7-odis-creator-editing-process.md) > [7.15. Debugger (Integrated Operating System)](7-15-debugger-integrated-operating-system.md)

<table summary="Navigation header" width="100%"><tr><th align="center" colspan="3">7.15.2. Use Cases for Internal Verification</th></tr><tr><td align="left" width="20%"><a accesskey="p" href="7-15-1-license-for-debugger-odis-service.md">Prev</a> </td><th align="center" width="60%">7.15. Debugger (Integrated Operating System)</th><td align="right" width="20%"> <a accesskey="n" href="7-15-3-creating-break-points.md">Next</a></td></tr></table>

---

#### <a id="Funktionstesteditor.Debugger.GFS_Verifikation"></a>7.15.2. Use Cases for Internal Verification

The FTE debugger is used during internal verification. Internal verification comprises all use cases that are required to test the diagnostic model data and the function tests. The following table lists the various use cases for internal verification.

<a id="d4e31154"></a>

<table border="0" summary="Overview of Use Cases for Internal Verification"><colgroup><col/><col/><col/><col/><col/><col/><col/><col/></colgroup><thead><tr><th>No.</th><th>Use case</th><th>Network connection</th><th>Default value input</th><th>Vehicle connection actual value</th><th>Diagnostic entry</th><th>Default value input Measuring equipment:</th><th>Measuring equipment actual value</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1</td><td>Debug with default values without vehicle</td><td align="center">X</td><td align="center">X</td><td> </td><td> </td><td align="center">(X)</td><td> </td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td>Debug a real vehicle without diagnostic entry</td><td align="center">X</td><td align="center">(X)</td><td align="center">X</td><td> </td><td align="center">(X)</td><td align="center">X</td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td>Debug a real vehicle with diagnostic entry</td><td align="center">X</td><td> </td><td align="center">X</td><td align="center">X</td><td align="center">(X)</td><td align="center">X</td></tr><tr><td>4</td><td>Debug a traversal test</td><td align="center">X</td><td align="center">X</td><td> </td><td> </td><td align="center">X</td><td> </td></tr></tbody></table>

**Table 130. Overview of Use Cases for Internal Verification**

Key:

- X: possible
- (X): sometimes possible

ODIS creator supports use cases 1 through 4. In standard cases, use case 1 is used in which the open function test in ODIS Creator is run directly in the debugger without a vehicle connection and without diagnostic entry. Use cases 1 through 3 are described in the sections that follow. From the author's viewpoint, use case 4 for debugging traversal tests corresponds to debugging with default values.

##### <a id="Funktionstesteditor.Debugger.UseCase1"></a>7.15.2.1. Use Case 1: Debugging with Default Values

The "Debug with default values" use case is used for verification of a test program and all references within the editing environment with default value entry mode. The initiator is the author who has created or changed a function test. The function test must then be verified using default values.

<a id="d4e31223"></a>

<table border="1" summary="Use Case 1: Debugging with Default Values"><colgroup><col/><col/></colgroup><thead><tr bgcolor="#EEEEEE"><th>Name</th><th>Content</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Use case:</td><td>Verification of a test program and all references within the editing environment in default value entry mode.</td></tr><tr><td>Verification type:</td><td>Internal</td></tr><tr><td>Actor:</td><td>Author</td></tr><tr><td>Trigger:</td><td>The author creates or changes the function test. The function test must then be verified using default values.</td></tr><tr><td>Scenario:</td><td>The author is at his/her work station.</td></tr><tr><td>Requirement/context:</td><td>There is a network connection to the VW network. ODIS Service does not need to be on the test computer. To start ODIS Debug, there is no requirement for diagnostic entry to run or communication with the control modules to be established.</td></tr><tr><td>Data used:</td><td>ODIS Creator database.</td></tr><tr><td>Description/process:</td><td>The test sequence is opened in the editing system and edited, if necessary. ODIS Debug starts and the author selects the "Start test module" debut mode in the ODIS Debug home screen. ODIS Debug plays back the test program sequence without restrictions (including all references). Default value entry must be possible at places in the test program where the debugger cannot access actual values. The author can edit the function test and all diagnostic objects and references again, and then save them and test again with the debugger.</td></tr><tr><td>Results:</td><td>Verified test sequence including all references. The change to the function test is transferred back into the editing system database.</td></tr></tbody></table>

**Table 131. Use Case 1: Debugging with Default Values**

##### <a id="Funktionstesteditor.Debugger.UseCase2"></a>7.15.2.2. Use Case 2: Debugging with Actual Values

The "Debug with actual values" use case is used to verify a test program and all references using a real vehicle without diagnostic entry. The initiator is the author who has created or changed a function test. The function test must then be verified on the vehicle.

<a id="d4e31264"></a>

<table border="1" summary="Use Case 2: Debugging with Actual Values"><colgroup><col/><col/></colgroup><thead><tr bgcolor="#EEEEEE"><th>Name</th><th>Content</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Use case:</td><td>Verification of a GFF program (including all references) in the editing system with a real vehicle without diagnostic entry and without ATP.</td></tr><tr><td>Verification type:</td><td>Internal</td></tr><tr><td>Actor:</td><td>Author</td></tr><tr><td>Trigger:</td><td>The author creates or changes the function test. The function test must then be verified on the vehicle.</td></tr><tr><td>Scenario:</td><td>The author is in the test workshop.</td></tr><tr><td>Requirement/context:</td><td>There is a network connection to the VW network. There is a vehicle connection. Diagnostic entry was not performed. If diagnostic entry was performed (please note that there is no option to select a vehicle project in the ODIS Debug home screen because the "Vehicle project" option is deactivated), then you must first run the "Remove vehicle project" command in the "Extras" menu. Creating an ATP or performing diagnostic entry is not required to start ODIS Debug and debug using a vehicle. This debug type is selected and started directly in the ODIS Debug home screen.</td></tr><tr><td>Data used:</td><td>ODIS Creator database.</td></tr><tr><td>Description/process:</td><td>The test sequence is opened in the editing system and edited, if necessary. The author selects if the vehicle data from the production data or test baseline data should be used when debugging control module identification commands. The author starts ODIS Debug and select debugging with actual values in the ODIS Debug home screen (see <a class="xref" href="7-15-5-running-the-debugger.md" title="7.15.5. Running the Debugger">Section 7.15.5, “Running the Debugger”</a>). The author can select any vehicle project. Info: the projects available here for selection depend on the selection that was made regarding which data (production, test baseline or other sources) should be used for debugging. ODIS Debug plays back the test program sequence without restrictions (including all references). Default value entry is possible in places in the test program where the debugger cannot access actual data (such as information about the process, control module communication, measuring equipment instructions, system variables). The author can edit the function test and all diagnostic objects and references again, and then save them and test again with the debugger.</td></tr><tr><td>Results:</td><td>Verified test sequence including all references. The change to the function test is transferred back into the editing system database.</td></tr></tbody></table>

**Table 132. Use Case 2: Debugging with Actual Values**

##### <a id="Funktionstesteditor.Debugger.UseCase3"></a>7.15.2.3. Use Case 3: Debugging with Actual Values with Diagnostic Entry

The "Debugging with actual values with diagnostic entry" use case is used to verify a test program and all references with a vehicle connection. The initiator is the author who has created or changed a function test. The function test must then be verified on the vehicle.

<a id="d4e31306"></a>

<table border="1" summary="Use Case 3: Debugging with Actual Values with Diagnostic Entry"><colgroup><col/><col/></colgroup><thead><tr bgcolor="#EEEEEE"><th>Name</th><th>Content</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Use case:</td><td>Verification in the editing system with a real vehicle including all references with diagnostic entry.</td></tr><tr><td>Verification type:</td><td>Internal</td></tr><tr><td>Actor:</td><td>Author</td></tr><tr><td>Trigger:</td><td>The author creates or changes the function test. The function test must then be verified on the vehicle.</td></tr><tr><td>Scenario:</td><td>The author is in the test workshop.</td></tr><tr><td>Requirement/context:</td><td>There is a network connection to the VW network. The vehicle connection was established.</td></tr><tr><td>Data used:</td><td>ODIS Creator database.</td></tr><tr><td>Description/process:</td><td>The test sequence is opened in the editing system and edited, if necessary. The author performs diagnostic entry on the vehicle ("Start GFF" command in the "Extras" menu). The author can select in the vehicle features dialog which project should have diagnostic entry performed: automatic: the vehicle project is determined automatically based on the VIN and the vehicle features - manual: the author enters the VIN and the vehicle features and select the vehicle project. The author selects debugging with actual values in the ODIS Debug home screen. The ODIS Debug home screen provides the option of selecting a vehicle project, but because diagnostic entry was performed previously as described in this use case, there is no option for selecting another vehicle project on the screen. Note: to be able to select a different vehicle project in the ODIS Debug home screen, for example in order to debug based on a vehicle project as described in use case 2, a vehicle project must not be loaded. The author must remove the vehicle project in this location (by selecting the "Remove vehicle project" command in the "Extras" menu). The debugger plays back the test program sequence without restrictions (including all references). Default value entry is possible in places in the test program where the debugger cannot access actual data (such as information about the process, control module communication, measuring equipment instructions, system variables). The author can edit the function test and all diagnostic objects and references again, and then save them and test again with the debugger.</td></tr><tr><td>Results:</td><td>Verified test sequence including all references. The change to the function test is transferred back into the editing system database.</td></tr></tbody></table>

**Table 133. Use Case 3: Debugging with Actual Values with Diagnostic Entry**

##### <a id="Funktionstesteditor.Debugger.DebugOhneOCDatenbank"></a>7.15.2.4. Diagnostic Entry without ODIS Creator Database

When using vehicle models with a lot of vehicle data during diagnostic entry in ODIS Debug with ODIS Creator, larger amounts of data are loaded from the database. This process can take a long time, especially if there is a slow connection to the ODIS Creator database, such as in a workshop. For this reason, there is the option to run diagnostic entry in ODIS Debug without the ODIS Creator database. Diagnostic entry then takes place similarly to ODIS Service based on the production or test baseline that was specified in the debug configuration without loading newer information from the ODIS creator database.

There is still the option to perform diagnostic entry based on the ODIS Creator database. This allows you to continue working with the most current data as well as to debug the content from diagnostic entry.

In order for diagnostic entry to be able to run without the ODIS Creator database, make sure that you load the test baseline data regularly so that you are working with data that has been updated each day.

Diagnostic entry beings after the configuration dialog after executing the command "Start GFF", where you can specify if the ODIS Creator database should be used as the data source. It ends after the test plan is created. Current data is loaded again from the ODIS Creator database after diagnostic entry.

---

<table summary="Navigation footer" width="100%"><tr><td align="left" width="40%"><a accesskey="p" href="7-15-1-license-for-debugger-odis-service.md">Prev</a> </td><td align="center" width="20%"><a accesskey="u" href="7-15-debugger-integrated-operating-system.md">Up</a></td><td align="right" width="40%"> <a accesskey="n" href="7-15-3-creating-break-points.md">Next</a></td></tr><tr><td align="left" valign="top" width="40%">7.15.1. License for Debugger / ODIS Service </td><td align="center" width="20%"><a accesskey="h" href="odis-creator-help.md">Home</a></td><td align="right" valign="top" width="40%"> 7.15.3. Creating Break Points</td></tr></table>
