[ODIS Creator Help](odis-creator-help.md) > [7. ODIS Creator Editing Process](7-odis-creator-editing-process.md) > [7.4. Equipment Network](7-4-equipment-network.md)

<table summary="Navigation header" width="100%"><tr><th align="center" colspan="3">7.4.2. Creating Additional Basic Features</th></tr><tr><td align="left" width="20%"><a accesskey="p" href="7-4-1-create-new-brand.md">Prev</a> </td><th align="center" width="60%">7.4. Equipment Network</th><td align="right" width="20%"> <a accesskey="n" href="7-4-3-inheriting-through-engine-code-nodes.md">Next</a></td></tr></table>

---

#### <a id="grundmerkmale.anlegen"></a>7.4.2. Creating Additional Basic Features

You can create additional basic features<a id="d4e11454"></a><a id="d4e11457"></a>in the **equipment network** navigator, in which you select **New subnode** in the context menu, and then the vehicle model depending on the respective structure level<a id="d4e11461"></a><a id="d4e11464"></a>, model year<a id="d4e11466"></a><a id="d4e11469"></a>, variant<a id="d4e11471"></a><a id="d4e11474"></a>or engine<a id="d4e11476"></a><a id="d4e11479"></a>. This command can also be reached through the **Insert** selection menu. After that, the view **New element:** opens in the editor with the respective basic feature. In addition to the attributes already listed above, it can be specified for these basic features, if the **CAN diagnosis**<a id="d4e11484"></a>affects which **Read-time for the construction**<a id="d4e11488"></a>and the **code delay**<a id="d4e11492"></a>should apply. The **UMB availability**<a id="d4e11496"></a>defines the accessibility of the basic features for the UMB dealers.

For the vehicle model, version, and engine basic features, there is also the option to formulate a Carport inquiry. This is three characters long; four characters are also permitted for the engine. As characters, you can use the letters **a-z, A-Z** (the system is not case-sensitive) and the digits **0-9**. The character **"?"** can be used as the wildcard symbol for one or more items. You can combine multiple carport inquiries to one basic feature using the **"+"** character. (see [Figure 238, “Vehicle Recognition - Model Name”](7-4-6-vehicle-recognition-in-equipment-network.md#figure.redaktion.ausstattungsnetz.fahrzeugerkennung.modellbezeichnung "Figure 238. Vehicle Recognition - Model Name"))

Using the **Add markets** function in the context menu of a brand or a basic feature, new market allocations can be transferred to this object all editorial objects directly or indirectly referenced by it. These market allocations will then automatically trigger any new translations needed, if languages are referenced by this market, in which the editorial object has not been available yet. You can find additional information about this under [Section 6.1.2, “Tasks for Translation Coordinators”](6-1-2-tasks-for-translation-coordinators.md "6.1.2. Tasks for Translation Coordinators") and [Section 6.4, “Translation”](6-4-translation.md "6.4. Translation"). If you want to add only one brand or one basic feature exclusively for a new market, then you must apply this adjustment via a change in the market availability table in the object editor (see [Figure 233, “Market Availability”](7-4-1-create-new-brand.md#figure.redaktion.ausstattungsnetz.marktverfuegbarkeit "Figure 233. Market Availability")).

Engines can also give an exact reference to a diagnostic object in the knowledge base, that references the engine of the superordinate vehicle model. Engines have additional attributes. This is **Erase DTC memory (broadcast)**<a id="d4e11512"></a>to delete the DTC memory via broadcast, when exiting the OBD control modules. **Wait time after switching on ignition**<a id="d4e11516"></a>to define the wait time for the availability of control modules after switching the **ignition on** relating to the broadcast. **Wait time after deleting**<a id="d4e11521"></a>to define the wait time for reading the DTC memory in the control modules, if the DTC memory was deleted via broadcast. **OBD diesel**<a id="d4e11525"></a>to indicate if it is an EU5 vehicle with a diesel engine and therefore OBD-relevant measured values can be found at different locations than on a gasoline engine, in order to check the readiness code when exiting.

---

<table summary="Navigation footer" width="100%"><tr><td align="left" width="40%"><a accesskey="p" href="7-4-1-create-new-brand.md">Prev</a> </td><td align="center" width="20%"><a accesskey="u" href="7-4-equipment-network.md">Up</a></td><td align="right" width="40%"> <a accesskey="n" href="7-4-3-inheriting-through-engine-code-nodes.md">Next</a></td></tr><tr><td align="left" valign="top" width="40%">7.4.1. Create New Brand </td><td align="center" width="20%"><a accesskey="h" href="odis-creator-help.md">Home</a></td><td align="right" valign="top" width="40%"> 7.4.3. Inheriting through Engine Code Nodes</td></tr></table>
